---
layout: post
title: First Week of CS373
---

Hopefully, this works because I followed some instructions posted in Piazza and it seemed almost too easy. CS373 has exceeded my expectations of what kind of class it will be. On Friday, which was the first of classes for us, we went over the syllabus and learned of the expectations in the class. The professor is very strict in his requirements but they aren’t unreasonable. He seems to genuinely care about his students and even takes time to learn people’s names when they ask questions. Something that stuck out from that first day of class was Professor Downing saying that we should not be in this class and that we should be in a summer internship at a great company instead; that we should not be trying to rush out of school or catching up by doing summer school, but rather taking this time to put good experience in internships on our resume. Each class after that has been him going over some code and trying to understand of concepts like assertions and exceptions. I find these classes much easier to pay attention to than almost any other class I have taken at UT which is very surprising to me. We were assigned some readings for homework for the class and those readings were focused on how to get the most out of college. They were interesting reads and I will have to try to keep them in mind as I finish out this class. The class is called Software Engineering which sounds incredibly scary and hard but it has been very forgiving so far in prior knowledge required. I have worked on my project for most of this weekend and my lack of experience in Python has not been too much trouble.  I am going to try and do these each week for the bonus points and also for myself. 

